README.md, before:

# The official Chain React App for #ChainReact2019

- React Native app utilizing [Ignite CLI](https://github.com/infinitered/ignite) and the [Ignite Bowser](https://github.com/infinitered/ignite-bowser) boilerplate

## :arrow_up: How to Setup

**Step 1:** git clone this repo:

**Step 2:** cd to the cloned repo:

**Step 3:** Run the setup script: `./bin/setup`

## :arrow_forward: How to Run App

1.  cd to the repo
2.  Run Build for either OS

- for iOS
  - run `react-native run-ios`
- for Android
  - run `react-native run-android`

# Secrets

If you are working on the AWS AppSync talk discussion feature of the app, you will need a `.env` file with the proper API token. Please ping `@jamon` in the #chainreact channel of the [Infinite Red community Slack](http://community.infinite.red) and we'll hook you up!

## :no_entry_sign: TSLint Compliant

This project adheres to TSLint and Prettier. We suggest you enable linting to keep your project compliant during development. You can lint the project by running `yarn lint`.

**To Lint on Commit**

This is implemented using [husky](https://github.com/typicode/husky). There is no additional setup needed.

**Bypass Lint**

If you have to bypass lint for a special commit that you will come back and clean (pushing something to a branch etc.) then you can bypass git hooks with adding `--no-verify` to your commit command.

**Understanding Linting Errors**

The linting rules are from tslint-config-prettier. [Regular TS errors can be found with descriptions here](https://palantir.github.io/tslint/rules/).

## Deploying and Releasing

IR Devs: You will need access to the "keys to the kingdom" private repo in order to get proper Google/Apple credentials for deploying beta and release builds. Let Jamon know if you need this.

Please see `ios/fastlane/README.md` and `android/fastlane/README.md` for more details on how to deploy.

Commit message:

Chore/get deployment working (#64)
* Update ios Fastfile and link dependencies

* Get Google beta deployment working

* remove unnecessary configuration

* Testing CI

* Avoid having to ask for target

* Add more details about deployment to README

README.md, after:

# The official Chain React App for #ChainReact2019

- React Native app utilizing [Ignite CLI](https://github.com/infinitered/ignite) and the [Ignite Bowser](https://github.com/infinitered/ignite-bowser) boilerplate

## :arrow_up: How to Setup

**Step 1:** git clone this repo:

**Step 2:** cd to the cloned repo:

**Step 3:** Run the setup script: `./bin/setup`

## :arrow_forward: How to Run App

1.  cd to the repo
2.  Run Build for either OS

- for iOS
  - run `react-native run-ios`
- for Android
  - run `react-native run-android`

# Secrets

If you are working on the AWS AppSync talk discussion feature of the app, you will need a `.env` file with the proper API token. Please ping `@jamon` in the #chainreact channel of the [Infinite Red community Slack](http://community.infinite.red) and we'll hook you up!

# Deploying

1. Follow steps 2-5 in the secrets repo (See Jamon or Robin for access)
2. Open the Xcode Workspace and go to Build Settings. Make sure "Manage certificates automatically" is not checked, and select the correct certificate. If you don't see any certificates you may need to run `fastlane match development` and `fastlane match appstore`
3. To deploy iOS beta:

```
cd ios
bundle
bundle exec fastlane ios bump_build_number
bundle exec fastlane ios beta
```

- If prompted for an app-specific password, it's located in the secrets repo.
- If the build is successful, commit the new build number.

4. To deploy Android beta:

```
cd android
bundle
bundle exec fastlane android beta
```

- If the build was successful, commit the build number

## :no_entry_sign: TSLint Compliant

This project adheres to TSLint and Prettier. We suggest you enable linting to keep your project compliant during development. You can lint the project by running `yarn lint`.

**To Lint on Commit**

This is implemented using [husky](https://github.com/typicode/husky). There is no additional setup needed.

**Bypass Lint**

If you have to bypass lint for a special commit that you will come back and clean (pushing something to a branch etc.) then you can bypass git hooks with adding `--no-verify` to your commit command.

**Understanding Linting Errors**

The linting rules are from tslint-config-prettier. [Regular TS errors can be found with descriptions here](https://palantir.github.io/tslint/rules/).
